Update pr template (#4)
NEY-GLH/.github: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

    - E.g. 'I built an export function, which queries the database for entries made by a user in a date range, and outputs a CSV'.

## Pre-review checklist

> - [ ] I have updated the branch from its parent branch recently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have updated this branch from its parent branch recently (e.g by merging or rebasing)
```

- [ ] (Python only) I have run the Black PEP8 formatter*, or taken other measures to ensure PEP8 compliance (https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/)
- [ ] I have created or updated a '.gitignore' file

> - [ ] I have created or updated the 'ChangeLog.rst' file

Reviewer: Maybe just "changelog" file rather than specific name or file format?
```suggestion
- [ ] I have created or updated the changelog file
```

- [ ] I've checked that the 'README.md' file is up-to-date with my new changes

> - [ ] (Python only) I have created or updated a 'requirements.txt' file, if deployment involves pip environments or Docker/Singularity containerisation (https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/requirements-file-format/)

Reviewer: I don't mind, but perhaps a change to wording to make it a bit easier to scan? (At least I feel it is for me) - Feel free to reject suggestion!
```suggestion
- [ ] Branch has been updated from its parent branch recently (e.g by merging or rebasing)
- [ ] Code is appropriately formatted (e.g Python code is PEP8 compliant (Black formatter may be helpful*))
- [ ] '.gitignore' file is present and up-to-date.
- [ ] Changelog file is present and up-to-date.
- [ ] Readme file is present and up-to-date.
- [ ] Dependencies are recorded and up-to-date (e.g 'requirements.txt', environment files, Conda env YAML, etc)
```

## Tickets closed by this PR

- You can use the 'Closes' keyword to make tagged tickets auto-close when the PR is merged.
- See formatting here: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue

## Post-review checklist - for the reviewer
- [ ] This branch has been updated from its parent branch recently (e.g by merging or rebasing)
- [ ] (Python only) The code is PEP8 compliant (https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/)
- [ ] The '.gitignore' file is up to date
- [ ] The changelog file is up to date
- [ ] The 'README.md' file is up to date

> - [ ] (Python only) A 'requirements.txt' file is present, if appropriate for deployment of this project (https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/requirements-file-format/)

Reviewer: If you're happy with the above rewording, maybe match this one also?
